Add docs for rpk OIDC (OAUTHBEARER) client authentication (#1696)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/partials/authentication.adoc

NOTE: Confirm your `rpk` version with `rpk version`. Earlier versions reject `--sasl-mechanism OAUTHBEARER` as an unknown mechanism.

Before you connect, make sure that:

* `OAUTHBEARER` is in xref:reference:properties/cluster-properties.adoc#sasl_mechanisms[`sasl_mechanisms`], or is set on the target listener through xref:reference:properties/cluster-properties.adoc#sasl_mechanisms_overrides[`sasl_mechanisms_overrides`].
* You have an access token from your IdP whose claims satisfy `oidc_token_audience`, `oidc_discovery_url`, and `oidc_principal_mapping`. For the claims that Redpanda validates, see <<oidc-credentials-flow-and-access-token-validation, OIDC credentials flow and access token validation>>.
* xref:manage:security/authorization/index.adoc#acls[ACLs] (or xref:manage:security/authorization/gbac.adoc[GBAC]) grant the principal extracted from the token the operations you intend to run.

[[oidc-rpk-token]]
Pass the token using `--sasl-mechanism OAUTHBEARER` and `--password`. `rpk` accepts either a raw token or a `token:<TOKEN>` form:

[,bash]
----
export OIDC_TOKEN="<access-token>"

> rpk topic list \

Reviewer: Could we update this example so that it also uses rpk -X, since we do say that these flags are deprecated?

  --brokers <broker-host>:<oidc-listener-port> \
  --tls-enabled \
  --tls-truststore <path-to-ca-cert> \
  --sasl-mechanism OAUTHBEARER \
  --password "token:$OIDC_TOKEN"
----

The same `--sasl-mechanism` and `--password` flags work for any `rpk` command that talks to the Kafka API (for example, `rpk topic create`, `rpk topic produce`, `rpk topic consume`, `rpk group list`, `rpk cluster info`, and `rpk security acl list`).

To avoid repeating connection flags, store them in an xref:reference:rpk/rpk-profile/rpk-profile-create.adoc[`rpk profile`]:

[,bash]
----
rpk profile create oidc \
  --set kafka_api.brokers=<broker-host>:<oidc-listener-port> \
  --set kafka_api.tls.ca_file=<path-to-ca-cert> \
  --set kafka_api.sasl.mechanism=OAUTHBEARER \
  --set kafka_api.sasl.password="token:$OIDC_TOKEN"

rpk topic list
----

> If `rpk` returns `OAUTHBEARER requires a token`, the password is empty or contains only the `token:` prefix with no value. If the broker rejects the token, verify that the `aud`, `iss`, and `exp` claims match `oidc_token_audience`, `oidc_discovery_url`, and `oidc_clock_skew_tolerance`, and that the signature is valid against the JWK set published at the discovery URL. See <<oidc-credentials-flow-and-access-token-validation, OIDC credentials flow and access token validation>> for the full list of validated claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `rpk` returns `OAUTHBEARER requires a token`, the password is empty or contains only the `token:` prefix with no value. 

If the broker rejects the token, verify that:

* The `aud` claim matches `oidc_token_audience`
* The `iss` claim matches the issuer at `oidc_discovery_url`
* `exp` is in the future within `oidc_clock_skew_tolerance` 
* The signature is valid against the JWK set published at the discovery URL

See <<oidc-credentials-flow-and-access-token-validation, OIDC credentials flow and access token validation>> for the full list of validated claims.
```
Just a suggestion to make it more clear and scannable
